README.md, before:

# Android Google Play API Demos

`legacy/` older examples that are no longer updated.

`FirebaseAPI/` Are examples using the Firebase APIs.

`mlkit/`  is the new ML kit (not firebase ML cloud APIs) examples.   https://developers.google.com/ml-kit 

`NearBy/` is the NearBy protocols

`RecognitionAPI/` is activity and sleep recognition APIs

`visionAPI/` is the older Vision APIs that are sort still in use, but depreciated.

`adMobDemo` (java) is a very simple demo of using the Admob API.  Please see https://developers.google.com/admob/android/quick-start for documentation and https://github.com/googleads/googleads-mobile-android-examples/ for more examples.

`adMobDemo_kt` (kotlin) is a very simple demo of using the Admob API.  Please see https://developers.google.com/admob/android/quick-start for documentation and https://github.com/googleads/googleads-mobile-android-examples/ for more examples.


`GoogleLoginDemo` is a example of how to use the new login APIs.  This example is so very basic that is doesn't do anything other then login.  As note, if you run this example of two devices with the same user and login on one device, then start the activity on the second device, it will already be logged in.

`LocationAwareDemo` (java) shows how to use FusedLocation APIs to do location better then standard GPS demos.  plus will show the likely address of your location.

`LocationAwareDemo_kt` (kotlin) shows how to use FusedLocation APIs to do location better then standard GPS demos.  plus will show the likely address of your location.

`Mapdemov2`  is a demo of how to use the maps V2.  There are three fragments first two show different types of maps.  third, how to draw on the maps.

`FusedOrientationDemo`  (java) simple demo of the FusedOrientation APIs

`FusedOrientationDemo_kt`  (kotlin) simple demo of the FusedOrientation APIs

---

These are example code for University of Wyoming, Cosc 4730 Mobile Programming course and cosc 4735 Advance Mobile Programing course. 
All examples are for Android.

Commit message:

moved location examples to same directory.

README.md, after:

# Android Google Play API Demos

`legacy/` older examples that are no longer updated.

`FirebaseAPI/` Are examples using the Firebase APIs.

`mlkit/`  is the new ML kit (not firebase ML cloud APIs) examples.   https://developers.google.com/ml-kit 

`NearBy/` is the NearBy protocols

`LocationAPI/` covers the play-services-location library: location, orientation, activity and sleep recognition APIs

`visionAPI/` is the older Vision APIs that are sort still in use, but depreciated.

`adMobDemo` (java) is a very simple demo of using the Admob API.  Please see https://developers.google.com/admob/android/quick-start for documentation and https://github.com/googleads/googleads-mobile-android-examples/ for more examples.

`adMobDemo_kt` (kotlin) is a very simple demo of using the Admob API.  Please see https://developers.google.com/admob/android/quick-start for documentation and https://github.com/googleads/googleads-mobile-android-examples/ for more examples.


`GoogleLoginDemo` is a example of how to use the new login APIs.  This example is so very basic that is doesn't do anything other then login.  As note, if you run this example of two devices with the same user and login on one device, then start the activity on the second device, it will already be logged in.

`LocationAwareDemo` (java) shows how to use FusedLocation APIs to do location better then standard GPS demos.  plus will show the likely address of your location.

`LocationAwareDemo_kt` (kotlin) shows how to use FusedLocation APIs to do location better then standard GPS demos.  plus will show the likely address of your location.

`Mapdemov2`  is a demo of how to use the maps V2.  There are three fragments first two show different types of maps.  third, how to draw on the maps.

`FusedOrientationDemo`  (java) simple demo of the FusedOrientation APIs

`FusedOrientationDemo_kt`  (kotlin) simple demo of the FusedOrientation APIs

---

These are example code for University of Wyoming, Cosc 4730 Mobile Programming course and cosc 4735 Advance Mobile Programing course. 
All examples are for Android.
